Release 3.2.2 (#4015)
inveniosoftware/invenio: docs/releases/v3.2.2.rst

..
    This file is part of Invenio.
    Copyright (C) 2020 CERN.

    Invenio is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the terms of the MIT License; see LICENSE file for more details.

Version 3.2.2
=============

*Released 2020-05-14*

Invenio v3.2.2 fixes issues with incompatibilities with several libraries:
- WTForms recently release has moved `email_validator` to an optional
dependency. It has been added in the corresponding packages.
- SQLAlchemy-Utils v0.36 breaks compatibility of Invenio models with MySQL. It
enforces setting the length on type `VARCHAR`.
- Sphinx v3.0+ breaks the build of documentation, due to a Flask context issue.

> - Flask is now provided as a centrally managed dependency from `Invenio-Base`.

Reviewer: Is this not only in Invenio v3.3?

Author: Sadly no, many backports needed this changes to fix the build (Sphinx + Flask). SQLAlchemy-Utils is somehow the same, they release in between and "broke" our compatibility. So the pin needed to be backported (invenio-db v1.0.5, which is compatible with v3.2 and v.3.3)

> In addition Invenio v3.2.2 removes support for Python versions lower than 3.6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Invenio v3.2.2 support Python version 3.5 and 3.6. Python 2 support in Invenio ended on January 1st, 2020 with the official end of life for Python 2 on the same date.
```
